#PseudoSmart
I made this after a roommate told me that his friends in high school would write a paper and use a thesaurus to replace random words with more "sophisticated ones." Now we have a program to do that for them!

###Below is a sample of John F Kennedy's inaugural address followed by text ran through PseudoSmart

We observe today not a victory of party, but a celebration of freedom -- symbolizing an end, as well as a beginning -- signifying renewal, as well as change. For I have sworn before you and Almighty God the same solemn oath our forebears prescribed nearly a century and three-quarters ago.
The world is very different now. For man holds in his mortal hands the power to abolish all forms of human poverty and all forms of human life. And yet the same revolutionary beliefs for which our forebears fought are still at issue around the globe -- the belief that the rights of man come not from the generosity of the state, but from the hand of God.
We dare not forget today that we are the heirs of that first revolution. Let the word go forth from this time and place, to friend and foe alike, that the torch has been passed to a new generation of Americans -- born in this century, tempered by war, disciplined by a hard and bitter peace, proud of our ancient heritage, and unwilling to witness or permit the slow undoing of those human rights to which this nation has always been committed, and to which we are committed today at home and around the world.
Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe, to assure the survival and the success of liberty.
This much we pledge -- and more.

We study today not a lead of parter but a bash of capacity -- submit an end, as well as a inaugural -- spell as well as vendor For I have sworn ante you and unadulterated God the same pensive oath our originator virtuous most a gala and cashier ago. The world is very dissimilar now. For man holds in his terrible hands the power to invalidate all forms of human starvation and all forms of human life. And yet the same profound faith for which our ascendant protect are still at issue any which way the globe -- the faith that the freedom of man come not from the openhandedness of the statue but from the hand of God. We dare not obliterate today that we are the heirs of that first re circum Let the word go forth from this time and lace to associate and foe alkies that the torch has been reach to a new breeding of African -- born in this guard mitigate by war, knowledgeable by a hard and acid pacer proud of our antique retreat and contrary to beholder or charter the slow carelessness of those human power to which this tribe has regularly been commission and to which we are hard-core today at home and everywhere the weld Let every tribe know, if it aspiration us well or ill, that we shall pay any prize bear any onus meet any peril stanchion any frond deny any foe, to encourage the run and the success of detach This much we word -- and more. 

###Running PsuedoSmart
Copy something to the clipboard and run the module! PseudoSmart is slow because it uses PyDicionary which is quite clunky.